**Summary of Expected Goals Model Code:**

3 models were generated in this file. All three were logistic regression models aiming to estimate the probability of a shot in a given situation resulting in a goal.

**Model 1:** the variable *shot_place*, which gives the area of the goal where the shot was aimed, was used to estimate the probability of a goal. Since any shot which was off-target would have a probability of zero, only shots on target were considered. The results showed that aiming for the corners was better than aiming for the centre of the goal, which was to be expected. However, since only shots on-target were considered, this does not account for the difficulty of aiming for the corners compared to the centre of the goal, making the variable not ideal for estimating goal probability.

**Model 2:** next, *location* was used to estimate the same probability, which gives the area of the pitch that the shot was taken from. Again, some logical conclusions arose such as that the further away from goal a shot is taken the less likely it is that it results in a goal. Moreover, the goal probablity assigned to penalties of 0.76 is roughly in line with xG models commonly used in the top leagues. Both of these provide a nice sanity check that the models estimates are at least reasonably accurate.

**Model 3:** finally, *bodypart*, which has levels right foot, left foot, and head, was added and interacted with *location*. The hope is that this would capture the fact that headed goals only really occur close to the goal and rarely, if ever, happen from outside the box. The interaction made the model more complex and difficult to interpret, espcecially since some of the situations had limited data and thus gave inaccurate coefficients dueto inflated standard errors. The results again gave roughly intuitive results.
